Narrator: PREVIOUSLY
ON "YU-GI-OH..."
Man: LET THE KC GRAND
CHAMPIONSHIP FINALS BEGIN!
STOP THE DUEL!
AS PRESIDENT
OF KAIBACORP,
I DECLARE THIS
MATCH INVALID!
ANY PARTICULAR
REASON FOR THIS?
YOU BROKE YOUR
TOURNAMENT CONTRACT!
THE TRUTH IS
YOU'RE AFRAID
OF MY SUPERIOR SKILLS.
YOU KNOW I
PROMISED MYSELF
I WOULDN'T DUEL
IN THIS TOURNAMENT.
BUT THOSE PLANS
HAVE CHANGED!
FINE.
BUT IF I WIN,
I GET TO STAY.
AND IF YOU LOSE,
YOU DISAPPEAR NEVER TO
BE HEARD FROM AGAIN!
DRAGON CANNON, ATTACK!
[GRUNTS]
NOW,
VALKYRIE ZWEITE,
ATTACK HERR KAIBA'S
LIFE POINTS!
AND AS LONG AS MY
FORTUNE CHARIOT
IS IN PLAY...
I CAN CONTINUE TO CHIP
AWAY AT YOUR LIFE POINTS
UNTIL YOU HAVE NOTHING!
NOW WHO'S ONE STEP
AHEAD, HERR KAIBA?!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
EMBARRASSING YOU IN FRONT
OF MILLIONS OF PEOPLE
IS MORE FUN THAN I IMAGINED!
NOW LET
THE HUMILIATION CONTINUE.
I ACTIVATE THE POWER
OF NIBELUNG'S RING!
THIS FORCES YOU TO
DRAW TWO CARDS.
AND IF THERE'RE
ANY MONSTERS,
THEY'RE IMMEDIATELY
DESTROYED!
AND YOU THINK
THAT SCARES ME?
WELL, THINK AGAIN!
NOW LET'S GET
THIS OVER WITH.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
OUT OF LUCK.
NO MONSTERS HERE.
SO, I'LL PLACE
THIS FACEDOWN.
WELL...
SINCE THERE'S NOTHING
ELSE YOU CAN DO,
I ASSUME THAT
ENDS YOUR TURN.
AFTER ALL, MY RING
HAS RENDERED
YOUR DRAGON
CANNON USELESS!
UH-OH.
THIS DOESN'T
LOOK GOOD, GUYS.
YOU KNOW
WHAT'S NEXT, RIGHT?
VALKYRIE ZWEITE,
USE YOUR
FORTUNE CHARIOT,
AND ATTACK HIS LIFE
POINTS DIRECTLY!
[WHINNYING]
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD!
ATTACK, GUIDANCE ARMOR!
NOW YOUR ATTACK
GETS REDIRECTED
TO YOUR OTHER MONSTER!
I HAVE A LITTLE
TRAP CARD OF MY OWN!
SO, MY VALKYRIE
IS SAFE!
[WHINNIES]
HOW YOU ASK?
WELL, THAT'S THE BEAUTY
OF WOTAN'S JUDGMENT!
BY SWITCHING ONE MAGIC
CARD FROM MY HAND...
WITH THE TOP CARD
OF MY DECK,
I AM ABLE TO INSTANTLY END
THE BATTLE PHASE OF MY TURN.
NOW LET'S SEE IF FATE
WAS GOOD TO ME, SHALL WE?
LOVELY.
JUST LOVELY.
THANKS TO YOU,
I'VE ASSEMBLE 3 OF
MY MOST POWERFUL CARDS.
HUH?
NOW...
HELP ME WELCOME...
GODDESS URD'S VERDICT,
GODDESS VERDANDE'S
GUIDANCE,
AND GODDESS SKULD'S ORACLE!
THOSE DAMES
ARE NOTHING
BUT BAD NEWS!
YEAH, HE PLAYED
THEM LAST TIME!
THEY NEARLY
DESTROYED YOUR DECK!
Kaiba: LOOK...
THAT LAME STRATEGY
MAY HAVE WORKED
AGAINST A DORK
LIKE WHEELER,
BUT I'M IN
A DIFFERENT LEAGUE!
OH, IS THAT SO?
WHY DON'T WE LET
MY GODDESSES
BE THE JUDGE OF THAT
BY HAVING A LOOK
AT THE TOP 3 CARDS
OF YOUR DECK.
NOW, GODDESS SKULD,
PROTECTOR OF THE FUTURE,
SHOW ME WHAT DESTINY
HOLDS FOR HERR KAIBA!
[THINKING]
IMPOSSIBLE!
3 BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGONS!?
BY THE EXPRESSION
ON YOUR FACE,
I'M GUESSING MY DESTINY
LOOKS PRETTY GOOD.
PLEASE!
YOU WERE DOOMED THE MOMENT
YOU DECIDED TO DUEL ME!
NOW, I CALL UPON MY
GODDESS VERDANDE,
PROTECTOR OF
THE PRESENT!
TIME FOR ME TO GUESS
YOUR TOP CARD.
I'LL SAY IT'S
A "MONSTER!"
GEE, HOW'D YOU
EVER GUESS?
JUST PLACE IT ON
THE FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE!
SURE. WHATEVER.
NOW, I'LL REMOVE
THAT VERY CARD
FROM THE GAME BY CORRECTLY
PREDICTING ITS IDENTITY!
GODDESS URD, PROTECTOR
OF THE PAST, GUIDE ME!
I PREDICT THE CARD
YOU JUST PLAYED
IS YOUR BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON!
[ROAR]
[GASPS]
IT'S GONE!
THIS IS BAD!
WHY THE LONG FACE?
OH, RIGHT. I DESTROYED
YOUR FAVORITE MONSTER.
[THINKING] BUT THAT'S JUST
THE BEGINNING, HERR KAIBA.
YOU AND YOUR COMPANY
HAVE BEEN A THORN IN MY SIDE
SINCE THE DAY WE MET.
SO, IT'S TIME TO REMOVE
YOU ONCE AND FOR ALL!
Kaiba: I'LL TAKE IT
FROM HERE!
HOLD ON!
HOW SOON WE FORGET!
YOUR DRAGON
IS WEARING MY RING.
SO, THE CARD
YOU JUST DREW
GOES STRAIGHT TO
THE GRAVEYARD!
AND SINCE YOU
CAN'T ATTACK,
I CAN ONLY ASSUME
YOU'RE ENDING YOUR TURN.
WELL, YOU ASSUME WRONG.
I PLAY MONSTER REBORN!
YOU WHAT?!
NOW...
SHOW YOURSELF...
BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON!
[ROAR]
THAT'S WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT!
IN YOUR FACE,
ZIG-FREAK!
NOBODY COMES BETWEEN
ME AND MY BLUE-EYES!
AND ANYONE FOOLISH ENOUGH
TO TRY PAYS THE PRICE!
WHAT HAPPENED!?
I GAVE UP MY CHARIOT.
SO MY VALKYRIE ZWEITE
REMAINS UNHARMED!
BUT YOUR
LIFE POINTS DON'T!
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE SAME OLD STORY:
I RISE TO THE TOP
AND YOU GET LOST
IN MY SHADOW!
[GROWLS]
WE'LL SEE!
NOW...
I INVOKE THE POWER
OF MY GODDESSES!
SHOW ME HIS
TOP 3 CARDS!
PLACE THE THIRD CARD
ON THE TOP OF YOUR DECK.
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS CALL ITS NAME
AND IT'S REMOVED
FROM PLAY!
LUSTER DRAGON NUMBER TWO!
[ROARS]
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
A MAGIC CARD
KNOWN AS GRYPHON'S
FEATHER DUSTER!
FIRST, IT TAKES AWAY
EVERY MAGIC AND TRAP CARD
ON MY SIDE OF THE FIELD...
BUT THEN IT LEAVES ME
WITH 500 EXTRA LIFE
POINTS FOR EACH ONE!
HE JUST GOT BACK
EVERYTHING
BLUE-EYES
TOOK AWAY!
AND THEN FINALLY...
I'LL SACRIFICE MY
VALKYRIE ERSTE
AND MY VALKYRIE ZWEITE!
THAT LETS ME SUMMON
MY VALKYRIE BRUNHILDE
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[HORSE WHINNIES]
AND, BY THE WAY...
SORRY TO RUIN THE SURPRISE,
BUT THE CARD YOU'RE ABOUT
TO DRAW IS A MONSTER,
AND UNFORTUNATELY IT
WON'T LAST LONG.
DO I CARE?
NO!
WELL, YOU SHOULD.
I ACTIVATE
NIBELUNG'S RING!
YOUR MONSTER
IS NO MORE!
I DON'T NEED
THAT CARD ANYWAY...
NOT WHEN I
HAVE BLUE-EYES!
ATTACK NOW!
HMM.
NO WAY!
AS YOU CAN SEE,
BRUNHILDE ESCAPED
WITHOUT A SCRATCH,
THANKS TO HER
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND ALL I HAD TO DO
WAS LOWER
HER DEFENSE POINTS.
I PLACE THIS FACEDOWN.
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
ANOTHER MOVE WASTED.
EVENTUALLY,
YOUR GIRLFRIEND
IS GONNA RUN
OUT OF POINTS,
AND WHEN SHE DOES,
MY DRAGON
WILL BE WAITING.
BUT BY THAT POINT,
I'LL HAVE WON.
AND SPEAKING
OF WINNING...
WATCH AS I END THIS
DUEL RIGHT NOW!
I SWITCH BRUNHILDE
TO ATTACK MODE!
NOW, FOR EVERY DRAGON
ON THE FIELD,
HER STRENGTH
INCREASES BY 300
NEXT I'LL PLAY THIS.
THE MAGIC CARD...
ENCHANTED SWORD NOTHUNG!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF MY NEW TOY?
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
DON'T ANSWER THAT YET!
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
WHAT IT CAN DO!
[ROAR]
[GASPS]
KAIBA'S BLUE-EYES
IS GONE!
YEAH, BUT HOW!?
NOT ONLY DOES
MY ENCHANTED SWORD
REMOVE ALL DRAGONS
FROM THE GAME,
IT GIVES MY
MAIDEN A BOOST!
TELL ME, HERR KAIBA,
WHAT'S IT LIKE BEING
A WASHED UP HAS-BEEN?
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME?
ENOUGH SMALL TALK...
I ACTIVATE THE MAGIC
CARD PEGASUS WING!
[WHINNIES]
YOU'RE NO MATCH FOR ME,
AND YOU NEVER WERE!
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS CUT MY VALKYRIES'
STRENGTH IN HALF!
AFTER THAT I'M AFFORDED
THE DISTINCT HONOR
OF BEING ABLE TO
ATTACK YOUR
LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY!
GO AHEAD.
THAT CARD WILL
PROTECT ME!
I ALREADY KNOW IDENTITY
OF YOUR FACEDOWN CARD,
HERR KAIBA,
AND QUITE FRANKLY,
IT DOESN'T CHANGE
MY PLAN AT ALL.
NOW, BRUNHILDE, ATTACK!
I'LL WEAKEN HER
WITH THIS!
GO, SHRINK CARD!
AND NOW SHE'LL
WEAKEN YOU!
[GASPS]
HE LOST HALF
HIS LIFE POINTS!
Zigfried: THIS IS
WHAT I LIKE TO CALL...
PAYBACK!
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?!
YOU JEALOUS 'CAUSE
I RUN A SUCCESSFUL COMPANY
AND YOU DON'T!?
DON'T YOU PLAY DUMB.
YOU KNOW AS WELL AS I DO
WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
OUR FAMILIES HAVE BEEN
RIVALS FOR GENERATIONS.
AND YOURS ALWAYS HAD
THE UPPER HAND.
Man: HAVE YOU HEARD?
WE'RE ABOUT TO SIGN
AN INTERNATIONAL
CONTRACT WITH--
YOU'RE TOO LATE.
THEY'VE CHOSEN US.
BETTER LUCK
NEXT TIME.
[GROWLS]
Zigfried, narrating:
IT WAS HUMILIATING.
IN THE SCHROEDER FAMILY,
LOSING IS NOT AN OPTION.
SO, I DECIDED TO TAKE
MATTERS INTO MY OWN HANDS.
MY GOAL WAS SIMPLE:
BOOST SCHROEDER CORP
TO NUMBER ONE,
AND LEAVING THE KAIBA
FAMILY IN RUINS!
BUT THAT PROVED
TO BE A TASK
THAT NEITHER I NOR MY
FATHER COULD ACCOMPLISH.
IN FACT, IT DROVE HIM MAD.
WITH MY FATHER UNABLE
TO MAINTAIN THE COMPANY,
SCHROEDER CORP FELL
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
[BOTH GRUNT]
MY FIRST ACT
AS COMPANY PRESIDENT
WAS ONE OF CONTROVERSY.
I DECIDED TO ENTER INTO
THE GAMING INDUSTRY--
A BUSINESS UNTAPPED
BY ANY OTHER COMPANY!
Man: AH...AHEM.
MR. ZIGFRIED, SIR?
I'M AFRAID
THE KAIBA CORPORATION
JUST MADE
AN ANNOUNCEMENT.
THEY'VE CONVERTED
THEIR COMPANY AS WELL.
KAIBACORP IS NOW
[GASPS]
THAT IS A LIE!
Narrating: UNFORTUNATELY,
IT WAS ALL TRUE!
SO FROM THAT MOMENT ON,
I DEVOTED ALL OF MY TIME
TO GAME DEVELOPMENT!
AND ONE DAY...
IT HAPPENED!
I SUCCEEDED IN
A LANDMARK INVENTION
THAT WOULD REVOLUTIONIZE
THE GAME OF DUEL MONSTERS...
HOLOGRAPHIC
MONSTER PROJECTION!
HOWEVER, MY EXCITEMENT
WAS SHORT-LIVED.
SOMEHOW, YOU MANAGED
TO STEAL MY INVENTION
AND TAKE ALL THE CREDIT,
LEAVING ME WITH NOTHING!
HUH?
CAN THAT
BE TRUE?
Zigfried: BUT I ASSURE YOU,
JUSTICE WILL BE SERVED
HERE TODAY, HERR KAIBA.
YOUR COMPANY'S REPUTATION
IS IN JEOPARDY,
NOT TO MENTION THE STOCK
PRICE OF KAIBACORP
IS AT AN ALL-TIME LOW.
JUST THINK, WHEN I
DEFEAT YOU HERE TODAY,
THE WORLD WILL SEE THAT
THE ERA OF
KAIBACORP IS OVER!
COME ON.
YOU REALLY
BELIEVE THAT?
OF COURSE!
I BET THEY'VE ALREADY
TURNED ON YOU!
NOW THAT YOU'VE
FINALLY BEEN EXPOSED
TO THE PUBLIC AS
A THIEF AND A FRAUD!
TOO BAD IT'S NOT TRUE.
[GROWLS]
DON'T BLAME ME
BECAUSE YOU CAME FROM
A FAMILY OF FAILURES!
I'VE NEVER STOLEN
ANYTHING IN MY LIFE!
I GOT WHERE I AM TODAY
FROM HARD WORK
AND DETERMINATION--
TWO THINGS YOU
KNOW NOTHING ABOUT!
NOW, LET'S DUEL!
AND THIS TIME, WHEN
I KNOCK YOU DOWN,
MAYBE YOU'LL STAY DOWN!
MY MOVE!
REMEMBER, ANY
MONSTERS YOU DRAW
GO TO THE GRAVEYARD!
WELL, NOT IF I
ACTIVATE THIS CARD...
GRACEFUL CHARITY!
THAT ALLOWS ME TO
DRAW 3 NEW CARDS!
AND THEN GET RID OF TWO.
AWESOME!
HE AVOIDED
ZIGFRIED'S
MAGIC CARD!
THAT'S
SHOWING HIM,
RICH BOY!
[CHUCKLES]
WHAT A STRANGE TWIST.
JOEY'S CHEERING
FOR KAIBA!
NOW I DISCARD
THESE TWO.
WHAT!?
YOUR BLUE-EYES!?
BUT WHY?!
JUST WATCH!
NEXT, I'LL REMOVE
MY BLUE-EYES
AND MY PITCH-DARK DRAGON
FROM THE GAME!
WHICH ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON THIS:
MY CHAOS
EMPEROR DRAGON!
[ROAR]
SO WHAT?!
MY ENCHANTED SWORD
SLAYS EVERY DRAGON
ON THE FIELD!
NOT THIS ONE.
MY CHAOS DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
SENDS EVERY CARD
ON THE FIELD
AND IN OUR HANDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
THAT'S TRUE,
BUT THERE'S ONE PROBLEM.
YOU NEED TO GIVE UP
1,000 OF YOUR
LIFE POINTS FIRST!
AND YOU CAN'T
AFFORD THAT NOW!
THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN'T AFFORD!
HUH?
FIRST, I PLAY THIS.
AND NEXT...
I ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC CARD...
EMERGENCY PROVISIONS!
SO BY SENDING
A MAGIC OR TRAP CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I REGAIN 1,000
LIFE POINTS!
WHAT?!
NOW, I GIVE UP
A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS...
TO ACTIVATE MY CHAOS DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
[ROARS]
[GASPS]
ONCE AGAIN...
YOU'RE LEFT WITH
NOTHING, ZIGFRIED!
[GROWLS]
NOT FOR LONG!
I ACTIVATE THE MAGIC
CARD POT OF GREED!
THAT LETS ME DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK.
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
MY MAGICAL ALMS CARD!
THE FIRST THING
THIS DOES
IS RAISE MY
LIFE POINTS
BY 1,000!
NEXT, WE HAVE
TO PREDICT HOW MANY
MAGIC CARDS WE THINK
WE'LL USE EACH TURN.
AND EACH OF US WILL
AUTOMATICALLY GAIN
500 LIFE POINTS
FOR EACH CARD.
BUT IF YOU USE FEWER THAN
THE NUMBER YOU GUESS,
YOU LOSE 1,000
LIFE POINTS PER CARD!
WHICH MEANS ONE
MISTAKE AND YOU'RE
THROUGH, HERR KAIBA!
NOW, I'LL PLAY
FINAL LIGHT!
AND I PREDICT THAT'S
THE ONLY MAGIC CARD
I'LL ACTIVATE
DURING THIS TURN.
NOW, FOR THE COST OF
A MERE 1,000 LIFE POINTS
I'M ABLE TO
SUMMON A MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
AND I CHOOSE
VALKYRIE BRUNHILDE!
OF COURSE, YOU
ARE ALSO PERMITTED
TO SUMMON A MONSTER
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD,
SO, LET'S HAVE IT!
THEN I CHOOSE...
MY CAVE DRAGON!
WHY, THANK YOU,
HERR KAIBA.
YOUR DRAGON
GIVES MY VALKYRIE
AN EXTRA 300
ATTACK POINTS!
AND NOW, MY DEAREST
BRUNHILDE,
ATTACK HIS CAVE DRAGON!
[SCREAMING]
NOW, HOW MANY MAGIC CARDS
DO YOU THINK YOU'LL USE?
YOU CAN'T AFFORD
TO GUESS WRONG!
I WON'T!
I PREDICT I'LL USE 4
MAGIC CARDS THIS TURN!
4 CARDS!?
DON'T YOU REALIZE
YOU'RE ONLY HOLDING ONE
CARD IN YOUR HAND?
THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT THAT'S ALL ABOUT
TO CHANGE, ZIGFRIED!
NO!
YOU HAVE TO
BE BLUFFING!
LET'S FIND OUT.
FIRST...
I ACTIVATE MY
CARD OF DEMISE!
THIS LET'S ME DRAW TILL
I'M HOLDING 5 CARDS!
AND IN 5 TURNS...
I DISCARD MY
ENTIRE HAND!
OH, NO!
AND NEXT, I PLAY...
ANOTHER MAGIC CARD--
SOUL RELEASE!
NOW I CAN CHOOSE A CARD
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
TO REMOVE FROM THE GAME!
AND I CHOOSE...
MY CHAOS EMPEROR DRAGON!
THEN, I'LL PLAY...
MY THIRD MAGIC CARD--
SPELL REPRODUCTION!
THIS LETS ME SEND
TWO MAGIC CARDS
TO MY GRAVEYARD IN ORDER
TO BRING BACK ONE!
Zigfried:
NO! YOU CAN'T!
I JUST DID!
SO, AT A COST OF
2,000 LIFE POINTS,
I PLAY DIMENSION FUSION!
NOW, EACH OF US
CAN BRING BACK
ANY OF OUR MONSTERS
THAT HAVE BEEN REMOVED
FROM THE GAME!
[ROARING]
THAT GIVES ME
5 DRAGONS!
HOW FOOLISH!
DON'T YOU
REMEMBER THAT
FOR EVERY DRAGON
MONSTER ON THE FIELD,
MY VALKYRIE
BRUNHILDE GAINS
300 EXTRA
ATTACK POINTS!?
LUSTER DRAGON NUMBER TWO,
ATTACK HIS VALKYRIE NOW!
[ROARS]
OH, MAN!
WHY'D HE DO THAT?!
SETO!
YOU'VE GIVEN UP,
HAVEN'T YOU!?
LOOK, WITH ONE LESS
DRAGON ON THE FIELD,
HIS VALKYRIE'S
POINTS DROPPED!
NOW IT'S TIME
FOR MY CHAOS DRAGON
TO ATTACK YOUR VALKYRIE!
[ROARS]
REMEMBER?
BRUNHILDE HAS
A SPECIAL EFFECT!
BY LOWERING
HER DEFENSE
POINTS BY 1,000,
AND SHE BECOMES
INVINCIBLE.
NOW, BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON...
IT'S YOUR TURN
TO ATTACK HER!
WHITE LIGHTNING!
[GROWLS]
WHICH MEANS MY SECOND
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON
CAN WIPE HER OUT NOW!
[ROAR]
NO!
NOW I'M COMPLETELY
DEFENSELESS!
I'M GLAD YOU
CAME HERE...
BECAUSE NOW
I GET A CHANCE
TO PUBLICLY
HUMILIATE YOU AGAIN!
NOW TAKE IT AWAY,
BLUE-EYES!
[SNARLS]
NO! NO!
[GROANS]
[WHIMPERS]
THIS ISN'T OVER!
[GROWLS]
TRUST ME.
LOOK, FACE THE FACTS,
ZIGFRIED.
YOUR LIFE POINTS
HIT ZERO.
THAT'S ABOUT
AS OVER AS IT GETS!
SO TAKE WHAT LITTLE
DIGNITY YOU HAVE LEFT...
AND GET LOST!
OH, YEAH!
YOU TELL HIM!
HE'S HISTORY!
LET'S HOPE SO.
[LAUGHS]